# alternative-media
My social media project. Currently, the repository has the first draft of the server's backend. The final draft is being documented and debugged a final time. 

 Alternative-Media is built on html, javascript, php, java, c++ and python. In this repository are the files for the publicly available code. I have made sure to leave publicly available code vague and as tutorial-like as possible. There are no identifiers, like database names or proprietary information. 

 Using any code or project information from this repository is at your own risk. There will not be any technical support or assisting in utilizing any content. It is assumed that any users have any requisite knowledge to apply any of the code presented here. Any trademarked or copyrighted materials belong to their respective owners. All rights are reserved.

 The purpose of this project is to provide a social media platform with fewer technical problems and fewer user interaction problems. The toxic environment within most social media sites has been an issue for a long time. Problems with moderators, problems with content supression and other issues. Instead of relying on moderators, who are more likely to use their biases when making decisions, I have implemented server-side rules. The server will make determinations based on the terms and guidelines. Mass reporting will be cut down by using server-side filters. The server can also detect devices, user-agents, and other details about the device being used to login with. The server will not ban I.P. addresses or accounts. The server will ban an individual device used to log in, or an individual media device, such as a camera. Smart devices, such as televisions with web browsers, will also be detected and can also be individually banned(device banned) for violations.
 
 The use of fake accounts and bots will be reduced by using a variety of server-side filters and sniffers. Along side of multiple verification and authentication applications(such as 2FA, for example). Using bots and alternate accounts will get the device used banned(device banned). Every user-agent and media device detected being used by the bot or alt will get banned(device banned).

 An example of a device ban. You get banned from your camera(media device) during a live session. You log out of the phone you were using and then log in by PC. You still can't use a camera. Your account can no longer access a banned device. Regardless of the new device used to log in with. Login devices are not the same as media devices. A login device would be, for example, a phone or a PC. A media device is something like a camera, microphone or game controller.

 An user-agent is an identifier used by web browsers and devices. It will show things like browser version, is a phone, is a tablet, is a pc, is an ipad, is an iphone, is an xbox, is a playstation, is a nintendo, etc. Specific serial information is not collected. No personal information can be collected. User-agent bans prevent an account from using a single agent. You can be banned from loggin in with a phone, but still be able to login using a tablet.

 Content creators and live chat operators will have full control over their streams. Other users must abide by the rules set by the owner. The server will always enforce the user's rules for their own space. Any user who persistently violates others' spaces gets banned(device banned). Personal rule sets are currently in beta testing and will also need debugging and documenting.

 The server does not collect data. There is no geo-location or tracking cookies. There are no ads. We encourage ad blockers. We encourage using VPNs, proxies and Tor. There is no monetization at all. There are no investors. I own my own doamin. I do not rent hosting. I own all my own equipment. I am a private entity. Anyone using this network is a guest and maintains the privlage only so long as the server allows it.

 Social media companies have billions of dollars and resources at their disposal, and yet their platforms are riddled with problems. For less than 300 dollars U.S. this platform was built. Fully tested, thuroughly debugged and fully documented.
